翻译模块部分 (#1516)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/scripting/modules/engine.md

# Modules

The engine and editor expose functional interfaces to developers via modules, which exist as **ECMAScript** modules.

> > **Note**: As of 3.0, engine functions will not be accessible via global variables prefixed with `cc`!

Reviewer: As of 3.0, engine
-->
Engine

I dont feel we need to include v3 info as we are in the v3 docs when viewing this.

Reviewer 2: @slackmoehrle Maybe ”engine“

## Engine Modules

### Function

> The module `'cc'` provides access to all engine functions. The contents of module `'cc'` are dynamic and are related to the **Feature Crop** setting in **Project Setting**.

Reviewer 3: functions -> functionalities?

Reviewer: functions is ok.

if you use:  functionalities/features then pluralize engine too.

This: The module `'cc'` provides access to all engine functions.
or: The module `'cc'` provides access to all engine functionality.
or: The module `'cc'` provides access to all of the engine's functionality.
or: The module `'cc'` provides access to all of the engine's features.

#### Engine Log Output

Example:

```ts
import { log } from 'cc';
log('Hello world!');
```

### Build-Time Constants

The engine module `'cc/env'` exposes a number of build-time **constants** that represent the execution environment, debug level, or platform identifier, etc.

> Since these constants are declared with `const`, they provide good opportunities for code optimization.

Reviewer: Since
--> 
As

| `EDITOR` | Whether it running in the editor environment |

#### Debug Level

| Name (all of type `boolean`) | Description |
| :------ | :------ |
| `DEBUG` | Whether it is in debug mode. Only `false` if the debug option is unchecked at build time, but `true` in all other cases.
| `DEV` | Equivalent to `DEBUG`/`EDITOR`/`PREVIEW` |

#### Platform Identifier

The constants in the following table indicate whether the application is running on **a particular** or **a class of** platforms, and are all of type `boolean`.
<!-- Please sort the table below in dictionary order -->

| Name | Platform | `MINIGAME` | `RUNTIME_BASED` | `SUPPORT_JIT` |
| :---------- | :---------- | :----------------- | :----------------- | :----------------- |
| `HTML5` | Web | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ |
| `NATIVE` | Native Platform | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ |
| `ALIPAY` | Alipay Mini Games | ✔️ | ❌ | ✔️ |
| `BAIDU` | Baidu Mini Games | ✔️ | ❌ | ✔️ |
| `BYTEDANCE` | ByteDance Mini Games | ✔️ | ❌ | ✔️ |
| `WECHAT` | WeChat Mini Gamees | ✔️ | ❌ | ✔️ |
| `XIAOMI` | Xiaomi Quick Games | ✔️ | ❌ | ✔️ |
| `COCOSPLAY` | Cocos Play | ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| `HUAWEI` | Huawei Quick Games | ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| `OPPO` | OPPO Mini Games | ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ |

> | `VIVO` | VIVO Mini Games | ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `vivo` | vivoMini Games | ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
```

The engine and editor expose functional interfaces to developers via modules, which exist as **ECMAScript** modules.

> > **Note**: from 3.0, we strongly recommend not to use global variable `cc` to access engine modules or classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: from 3.0, it is strongly recommended not to use the global variable `cc` to access engine modules or classes.
```
